but the loss of course for us is great all the more
that danyar is the last to all i
typing form
besides so
the percentage of ton eighty is close
best of all to him
condition when he could
last week
payment calculation is just not immune
the system
all zheki and football situation is obvious
novosibirsk
we approach Andrei Turchak
there will be more mjakaryaynen
virtual account rearview
took in the middle line
all forms China midfielder
Torbinsky should return
we have a little time all the time is not enough
there is enough time for playing belts
many players are traumatized by the temple and
don't play
tons, and now with them was very important
would exit torbinsky
he still can not play loud in connection
with a yellow card pass
but this is just not quite a little condition
in good condition
but he would really need him
accordingly and one is inevitable
the question arises on the new saving as
you said that this is a question
vice captain
Rodolfo
young poet began to produce products
cards
m is likely to apply
principle who
who is the next moment
large teams
more years this situation
purpose
in real Madrid
This situation in Milan
there is more degree capital at the beginning
the coach is appointed when he got up
question of our performance for the club
I think it will probably be great.
for us
one of the outputs and probably it will be
right with the choice they will not do
elections will make
quite possibly next year because
what he
the team owes him all the same
a little bit
balanced
one can be more so united
then probably one
elections
reasonable deputy today
certain assignment churov
all the main conclusions you made after
match Petersburg and what to expect from
match with Kuban Moscow
the program includes
the team is very decent played
and except
probably
in the summer of twenty minutes
in the first half
lost the initiative and got a goal of course
after a ridiculous mistake
such failures
This is not the first time.
May draw some conclusions
because CSKA such a situation, too, points
not everyone is serious until you find it difficult
talk discuss with the players and
We will find a way out
commitments in all but the whole match
spent he was in St. Petersburg very, very
difficult good level
problems we were closer to victory
man win
such matches
especially as in St. Petersburg
it's very hard and difficult to play because the team
good atmosphere
which one
here and motivate
their players
what about Kuban
there will be a tough match
it is difficult match because
just next
hard to play
outsiders being part of the game
counterattack
in vietnam errors
but from the nominal Raschepkin admit ii
don't use shcherbitsky
bathhouse
rubles importers will be installed
klepach one thing to play with the leaders
Assad CSKA Zenith is another matter
teams from the bottom of the tournament
tables if some danger flaws
but the total number he is not
very good lecturers
she just shouldn't
may be
no matter what he says about this coach
or won't say
the day of the game has come a week cycle
training player
must pass to maximize work
and
and get the maximum
result
meaningful m recall
about it during
championships
attached anniversary what may be an underestimation
completely equal in all teams
virtually no account
there
with a big advantage but if
he is then this poverty does not reflect the total
the balance of power the whole team is equal
Not bad
her individual matches aim a good game
teams are very fast
in general, then you want to be a novel
how to show yourself than it is
should therefore fear
m
such a word is underestimation that nothing
underestimate
we are still one combine
strong enough and we have a lot
can not oppose